# Short Styles
pixie cut with swept bangs
sleek bob with side part
textured crop with spiky layers
asymmetrical undercut
short wavy volume cut
modern bowl cut with fade
tousled short layers
geometric precision cut
short curly natural style
edgy disconnected cut
neon-colored mohawk
half-shaved asymmetric cut
spiky anime-inspired
razor-sharp geometric cut
triple mohawk with designs
lightning bolt side design
cyber-punk spikes
diamond-pattern undercut
zigzag pattern fade
tribal pattern undercut

# Medium Styles
shoulder-length waves
layered shag with bangs
textured lob with movement
wavy bob with side sweep
medium curly volume style
straight layered cut
feathered flip style
bouncy blowout waves
tousled beach waves
sleek straight cut
side-shaved with medium length
geometric pattern undercut
cyber-braided sides
tech-pattern fade design
tribal side patterns
lightning strike design
data-stream pattern cut
circuit board side design
quantum pattern fade
energy flow design

# Long Styles
flowing warrior braids
cascading waves
sleek straight rapunzel
battle-ready fishtail braid
windswept natural curls
power ponytail with volume
elaborate crown braid
long layered movement
dramatic side sweep
battle-ready twisted locks
cyber-lock extensions
tech-enhanced braids
energy stream tendrils
plasma-flow strands
quantum phase hair
binary pattern braids
circuit-weave style
data-stream locks
neural-link braids
holographic strands

# Edgy Styles
triple mohawk with fade
spiked crown design
geometric scalp patterns
lightning bolt mohawk
cyber-punk liberty spikes
tech-pattern undercut
binary code side design
circuit board fade
energy pulse patterns
quantum wave design
matrix code undercut
digital geometry cut
cyber-glyph patterns
tech-tribal fusion
plasma stream design
neural pattern fade
holographic geometry
data-matrix design
energy field pattern
force-wave style

# Fantasy Tech
floating energy strands
gravity-defying spikes
ethereal flowing tendrils
crystalline hair structure
plasma energy streams
wind-swept eternal flow
cosmic wave pattern
elemental force streams
quantum phase shifts
dimensional ripples
techno-organic tendrils
bio-mechanical braids
nano-fiber strands
holographic hair field
energy construct style
force field hair
quantum strand weave
plasma hair streams
cyber-organic fusion
digital essence hair 